marin-idol-performance-camps.md, before:

---
title: Marin Idol Performance Camps
description: Shine onstage like a Pop Star at Marin County's most exciting musical
  performance camp for school students. Single & Multi Day programs available. Sign
  up now!
id: marin-idol-performance-camps
hero-image: "/uploads/marin-idol-mill-valley-performance-camp.jpg"
intro:
  main: Become a Superstar!
  sub: Marin Idol Performance Camps
newsletter: true
testimonials:
- name: Eden F.
  avatar-image: "/uploads/avatar-eden-f.jpg"
  text:
  - Marin Idol was an extremely fun and interactive way to improve my singing skills.
    It had all the fun of being at a summer camp with the added bonus of learning
    amazing vocal techniques that I still use to this day. I highly recommend Marin
    Idol for singers of all ages.
- name: Trigg M.
  avatar-image: "/uploads/avatar-trigg-m.jpg"
  text:
  - Wow! Caylia was really magical in bringing my daughter’s inner performer to the
    stage. Caylia found the performer in my daughter. Go Caylia!
videos:
- dcyKmIYgFa0
---

Wanna feel like a star and shine under the spotlight?

What if you could sing like the next Adele?

**Have fun learning to ace your auditions and overcome your fears at Mill Valley’s most exciting musical performance camp.**

{% assign testimonial = page.testimonials[0] %}
{% include testimonial-card.html testimonial=testimonial %}

## What’s it all about?

Marin Idol is a musical performance camp designed to transform and empower people between the ages of 9-18. It offers an unforgettable multi-day singing and performance immersion program in a fun and nurturing environment. 

![marin-idol-performance-camp-lunch.jpg](/uploads/marin-idol-performance-camp-lunch.jpg)

Set among the beautiful hills of Mill Valley, my studio comes alive with the sounds of song and laughter. You’ll make new friends and form creative partnerships in a highly collaborative atmosphere.

## What will I learn?

The Marin Idol experience is action packed. We’ll cover a lot of territory over several days. Here’s just a slice of what you can expect:

- Learn to shine onstage like a Pop Star!
- Find your own true voice to stand apart from the pack
- Discover how to sing, harmonize, dance and interact with fellow performers
- Sing the songs that suit your talents
- Learn the performance techniques that only the pros know
- Express your fashion style with unique clothing, hair and makeup

{% include video.html video=1 %}

**Marin Idol will give you skills for life.**

You’ll find that book reports, meetings, interviews and even first dates will never be the same!

You will become a better communicator and develop the confidence to present yourself professionally; connecting to audiences of all kinds. You’ll also become more adept at representing and promoting your best interests, but most importantly you will come out knowing how to have fun expressing yourself!

{% assign testimonial = page.testimonials[1] %}
{% include testimonial-card.html testimonial=testimonial %}

## Upcoming Camps

### August 7th-11th Full Day Camp
Times: 10:00am - 4:00pm  
Days: Monday thru Friday  
Cost: $397.00

<a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/marin-idol-summer-performance-camp-tickets-36262747855?ref=ebtnebregn" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.eventbrite.com/custombutton?eid=36262747855" alt="Eventbrite - Marin Idol Summer Performance Camp" /></a>

### August 14th-18th Full Day Camp
Times: 10:00am - 4:00pm  
Days: Monday thru Friday  
Cost: $397.00

<a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/marin-idol-summer-performance-camp-tickets-36262875236?ref=ebtnebregn" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.eventbrite.com/custombutton?eid=36262875236" alt="Eventbrite - Marin Idol Summer Performance Camp" /></a>

## What to bring

- Sheet music of the songs you want to learn
- Makeup and hair design supplies
- Clothing and accessories for the grand finale performances
- Your dancing shoes!

## Lunch, Snacks and Breaks

Bring your own lunch and I’ll provide other snacks and refreshments. We’ll take 45 minutes out for lunch and smaller breaks when we need it.

{% comment %}
## Registration

***TODO*** registration CTA / Eventbrite embed?

To secure your spot at these transformative camps please download and complete the registration form and mail it to:

{ PO Box Here } 

Or you can scan it and send it as a PDF to { email here }. If you have any questions be sure to reach out!
{% endcomment %}

## Cancellation Policy 

- Payment is due upon registration (for more information see the form)
- Cancellations submitted 30 days before the event receive a refund of 50%
- There is no refund for cancellations less than 30 days

Commit message:

add colophon front matter to pages

marin-idol-performance-camps.md, after:

---
title: Marin Idol Performance Camps
description: Shine onstage like a Pop Star at Marin County's most exciting musical
  performance camp for school students. Single & Multi Day programs available. Sign
  up now!
id: marin-idol-performance-camps
hero-image: "/uploads/marin-idol-mill-valley-performance-camp.jpg"
intro:
  main: Become a Superstar!
  sub: Marin Idol Performance Camps
newsletter: true
testimonials:
- name: Eden F.
  avatar-image: "/uploads/avatar-eden-f.jpg"
  text:
  - Marin Idol was an extremely fun and interactive way to improve my singing skills.
    It had all the fun of being at a summer camp with the added bonus of learning
    amazing vocal techniques that I still use to this day. I highly recommend Marin
    Idol for singers of all ages.
- name: Trigg M.
  avatar-image: "/uploads/avatar-trigg-m.jpg"
  text:
  - Wow! Caylia was really magical in bringing my daughter’s inner performer to the
    stage. Caylia found the performer in my daughter. Go Caylia!
videos:
- dcyKmIYgFa0
colophon: Banner image by <a href="http://markdeanphotography.com/" target="_blank">Mark Dean Photography</a>
---

Wanna feel like a star and shine under the spotlight?

What if you could sing like the next Adele?

**Have fun learning to ace your auditions and overcome your fears at Mill Valley’s most exciting musical performance camp.**

{% assign testimonial = page.testimonials[0] %}
{% include testimonial-card.html testimonial=testimonial %}

## What’s it all about?

Marin Idol is a musical performance camp designed to transform and empower people between the ages of 9-18. It offers an unforgettable multi-day singing and performance immersion program in a fun and nurturing environment.

![marin-idol-performance-camp-lunch.jpg](/uploads/marin-idol-performance-camp-lunch.jpg)

Set among the beautiful hills of Mill Valley, my studio comes alive with the sounds of song and laughter. You’ll make new friends and form creative partnerships in a highly collaborative atmosphere.

## What will I learn?

The Marin Idol experience is action packed. We’ll cover a lot of territory over several days. Here’s just a slice of what you can expect:

- Learn to shine onstage like a Pop Star!
- Find your own true voice to stand apart from the pack
- Discover how to sing, harmonize, dance and interact with fellow performers
- Sing the songs that suit your talents
- Learn the performance techniques that only the pros know
- Express your fashion style with unique clothing, hair and makeup

{% include video.html video=1 %}

**Marin Idol will give you skills for life.**

You’ll find that book reports, meetings, interviews and even first dates will never be the same!

You will become a better communicator and develop the confidence to present yourself professionally; connecting to audiences of all kinds. You’ll also become more adept at representing and promoting your best interests, but most importantly you will come out knowing how to have fun expressing yourself!

{% assign testimonial = page.testimonials[1] %}
{% include testimonial-card.html testimonial=testimonial %}

## Upcoming Camps

### August 7th-11th Full Day Camp
Times: 10:00am - 4:00pm  
Days: Monday thru Friday  
Cost: $397.00

<a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/marin-idol-summer-performance-camp-tickets-36262747855?ref=ebtnebregn" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.eventbrite.com/custombutton?eid=36262747855" alt="Eventbrite - Marin Idol Summer Performance Camp" /></a>

### August 14th-18th Full Day Camp
Times: 10:00am - 4:00pm  
Days: Monday thru Friday  
Cost: $397.00

<a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/marin-idol-summer-performance-camp-tickets-36262875236?ref=ebtnebregn" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.eventbrite.com/custombutton?eid=36262875236" alt="Eventbrite - Marin Idol Summer Performance Camp" /></a>

## What to bring

- Sheet music of the songs you want to learn
- Makeup and hair design supplies
- Clothing and accessories for the grand finale performances
- Your dancing shoes!

## Lunch, Snacks and Breaks

Bring your own lunch and I’ll provide other snacks and refreshments. We’ll take 45 minutes out for lunch and smaller breaks when we need it.

{% comment %}
## Registration

***TODO*** registration CTA / Eventbrite embed?

To secure your spot at these transformative camps please download and complete the registration form and mail it to:

{ PO Box Here }

Or you can scan it and send it as a PDF to { email here }. If you have any questions be sure to reach out!
{% endcomment %}

## Cancellation Policy

- Payment is due upon registration (for more information see the form)
- Cancellations submitted 30 days before the event receive a refund of 50%
- There is no refund for cancellations less than 30 days
