voice-lessons.md, before:

---
title: Mill Valley Voice Lessons
description: Open up and say "Laaah!" with tailored voice lessons in the heart of
  Mill Valley. Learn to sing with a flexible and supportive teacher. Try a free lesson!
id: voice-lessons
hero-image: "/uploads/mill-valley-music-lessons-voice-lessons.jpg"
intro:
  main: Open up and say Laaaaaah!
  sub: Mill Valley Voice Lessons
testimonial:
  text:
  - I came to Caylia after years of vocal training. She is a dream. With her guidance
    I was able to retrain my voice so that I sang in an organic way, allowing my body
    to simply click into place. I am thrilled to be learning from her.
  name: Emily H.
  avatar-image: "/uploads/avatar-emily-h.jpg"
videos:
- hFvXBy4K4PE
- QbN31iBaZYc
- xAZg6jf4OZ4
colophon: Banner image by <a href="http://markdeanphotography.com/" target="_blank">Mark
  Dean Photography</a>
redirect_from:
- "/www.chaikenmusic.com/Voice_lessons.html"
---

## Everybody can sing!

> The only thing better than singing is more singing.
> <cite>Ella Fitzgerald</cite>

It’s as natural as breathing air and is the first sound you make in life.

That’s right, you were born singin’ the blues, baby!

A baby's cry and singing are the same thing. They’re both organic and natural forms of vocal expression.

**If you sing for fun, want to become a Pro, or get the confidence to perform in public then I can help you.**

{% include testimonial-card.html testimonial=page.testimonial %}

**Your voice is your most powerful communication tool.**

My highly personalized lessons will bring out your true inner voice and give you the techniques to share it’s unique beauty with the world.

{% include video.html video=1 %}

## What’s in a lesson?

I draw upon [many years of experience]({{ 'about/' | relative_url }}) to provide lessons that adapt to your interests and personal style.

[How about a free introductory lesson?](#lesson-form)

### Techniques and Voice Discovery

I can safely guide you through the technical foundations including breath control, support and placement, ear training, rhythm recognition and diction. I’ll also ensure that your voice reflects who you are by:

- Identifying and expanding your vocal range
- Finding musical styles and performance techniques that suit you
- Nurturing and nourishing your own unique sound and style

From your very first lesson you’ll find that:

- Your singing skills and awareness are transformed
- Your true voice is supported by an open and relaxed physiology
- **You have the belief and self confidence to express your inner self through music!**

### Overwhelmingly positive side effects

Even if you don't want to sing professionally, learning how to support a free and open voice has all kinds of fringe benefits. It will help you deal with stage fright, spare you from vocal fatigue when you speak a lot, improve your speaking and singing tone, and give you the confidence to be a great communicator.

{% include video.html video=2 %}

## Group Sessions

I also provide group singing lessons in Mill Valley. These sessions offer a dynamic collaborative environment to support and learn from others. You'll find that learning happens faster in an environment that fosters camaraderie, brainstorming, empathy and encouragement.

Share your voice and sing with others. Join in the the fun as you learn life long skills in music production. It’s a wonderful experience for people who want to work with other musicians.

## Perform with Confidence

If getting up in front of a crowd makes your heart skip I can help you with [Performance Coaching]({{ 'performance-coaching/' | relative_url }}). As a Performer, Arranger, Musical Director, Voice and Acting Coach I can help you become more comfortable in groups, presenting on stage, conducting meetings, or just meeting new people.

{% include video.html video=3 %}

## Free singing tip - blow a berry!

When you're having difficulty reaching a note or finding the right placement blow a sustained raspberry while humming the note. This immediately helps you find your placement so the note can be sung out with ease!

{% include lesson-form.html %}

Commit message:

Updated Marin Idol Banner Opt and 7 other files

voice-lessons.md, after:

---
title: Mill Valley Voice Lessons
description: Open up and say "Laaah!" with tailored voice lessons in the heart of
  Mill Valley. Learn to sing with a flexible and supportive teacher. Try a free lesson!
id: voice-lessons
hero-image: "/uploads/mill-valley-music-lessons-voice-lessons.jpg"
intro:
  main: Open up and say Laaaaaah!
  sub: Voice Lessons
testimonial:
  text:
  - I came to Caylia after years of vocal training. She is a dream. With her guidance
    I was able to retrain my voice so that I sang in an organic way, allowing my body
    to simply click into place. I am thrilled to be learning from her.
  name: Emily H.
  avatar-image: "/uploads/avatar-emily-h.jpg"
videos:
- hFvXBy4K4PE
- QbN31iBaZYc
- xAZg6jf4OZ4
colophon: Banner image by <a href="http://markdeanphotography.com/" target="_blank">Mark
  Dean Photography</a>
redirect_from:
- "/www.chaikenmusic.com/Voice_lessons.html"
---

<h3 style="margin-top:3em;text-align:center;">I'm honored to have been voted <br><span style="color:#9A0007;">BEST VOCAL COACH</span> in the<br> 2022 Marin IJ Readers' Choice Awards!</h3>

![2022 Readers Choice winner.png](/uploads/2022%20Readers%20Choice%20winner.png)

I'm SO excited to share with you that I was voted "Best Vocal Coach" in Marin for 2022. What an honor and a joy to receive this award!

And it is all because of YOU!

Thank you so much for your continued support and care and for voting for me! It is a thrill to live my life purpose of helping my students find their own true voices so they can express themselves freely and with confidence! What a privilege to be recognized by you and the Marin County community.

**THANK YOU MARIN!**

<hr style="background-color:#ffcdc9;border:none;height:1px;max-width:500px;margin:4em auto;">

## Everybody can sing!

> The only thing better than singing is more singing.
> <cite>Ella Fitzgerald</cite>

It’s as natural as breathing air and is the first sound you make in life.

That’s right, you were born singin’ the blues, baby!

A baby's cry and singing are the same thing. They’re both organic and natural forms of vocal expression.

**If you sing for fun, want to become a Pro, or get the confidence to perform in public then I can help you.**

{% include testimonial-card.html testimonial=page.testimonial %}

**Your voice is your most powerful communication tool.**

My highly personalized lessons will bring out your true inner voice and give you the techniques to share it’s unique beauty with the world.

{% include video.html video=1 %}

## What’s in a lesson?

I draw upon [many years of experience]({{ 'about/' | relative_url }}) to provide lessons that adapt to your interests and personal style.

[How about a free introductory lesson?](#lesson-form)

### Techniques and Voice Discovery

I can safely guide you through the technical foundations including breath control, support and placement, ear training, rhythm recognition and diction. I’ll also ensure that your voice reflects who you are by:

- Identifying and expanding your vocal range
- Finding musical styles and performance techniques that suit you
- Nurturing and nourishing your own unique sound and style

From your very first lesson you’ll find that:

- Your singing skills and awareness are transformed
- Your true voice is supported by an open and relaxed physiology
- **You have the belief and self confidence to express your inner self through music!**

### Overwhelmingly positive side effects

Even if you don't want to sing professionally, learning how to support a free and open voice has all kinds of fringe benefits. It will help you deal with stage fright, spare you from vocal fatigue when you speak a lot, improve your speaking and singing tone, and give you the confidence to be a great communicator.

{% include video.html video=2 %}

## Group Sessions

I also provide group singing lessons in Mill Valley. These sessions offer a dynamic collaborative environment to support and learn from others. You'll find that learning happens faster in an environment that fosters camaraderie, brainstorming, empathy and encouragement.

Share your voice and sing with others. Join in the the fun as you learn life long skills in music production. It’s a wonderful experience for people who want to work with other musicians.

## Perform with Confidence

If getting up in front of a crowd makes your heart skip I can help you with [Performance Coaching]({{ 'performance-coaching/' | relative_url }}). As a Performer, Arranger, Musical Director, Voice and Acting Coach I can help you become more comfortable in groups, presenting on stage, conducting meetings, or just meeting new people.

{% include video.html video=3 %}

## Free singing tip - blow a berry!

When you're having difficulty reaching a note or finding the right placement blow a sustained raspberry while humming the note. This immediately helps you find your placement so the note can be sung out with ease!

{% include lesson-form.html %}
